Hi is work
Negishi Stakes in the sun that this week Tokyo company will meet you
Silk Road Stakes in the West
Both are g 1
Becomes a February Stake
And high-connected have been to become Takamatsunomiya Memorial
But it is an important sound is carried out also I Tokyo
It's Saturday
To run in 10 cases the number of Crocus Stakes
I would like to play shigelkaga
Previous Ya No
Nakayama of the end
In it even though I always was of two pieces of Hana difference
Well I just left it to high speed
Not horse racing
Well I also showed a leg that would go back in front of the goal
In the same meaning, this is a special car cat's special
There was a race of Hadano 1200, but there is an amber color with that of those on the same clock .
No results to the
Let's go
I think it was a very dark 2 clothes
However, since this summer, a long straight Fuchu and a distance of 1 haron will be extended to become a voice actor
It There
Even though I think most of the key
that
And I had won something aerobic
Launch and I this reverse caught in Tsu lecturer firmness and
Raise your head
Beneath show that kind of youth It is in that voice no race showed the kind of painter's
Because
I do not think that it is a horse to the shore and to the battle
Nino foot Mi Heng to the first run of that gate is not really fast
Even though I often I race, such as standing on the skin
This at once and without Ka' and would tackle it in line a little rush out of the gate
It would enter
That kind of possibility is also a bit dangerous though
Let 's go in the form of a bar Let 's go to Tokyo
6 negotiation There are also quite a distance cine
Hey, if in a form that can go pigeon time in the left horse
that
I think it's a cat in the distance
Well , if you are in a traffic jam, that's what you use
There is no such big upswing, though
That player's friday is 50 seconds flat on a slope
Of course that self is the best
Well that week
That the No. 1 watch
Continue to school
It Nde has been able to maintain in gold towards the state without a home
U
Well, let's go back if popularity seems to fall this time
I think it's interesting
If you're Back, yes, of course, short and small
When
If you are born well
The twin twirling turmoil taken last time
Martha Hiya 4 no
The main line
Bloom of Taga
Yuka fruitful
Ascorti hold around here
I want to try to buy
that's all